---
layout: post
title:  "IEEE @IIT holds first general body meeting of semester"
date:   2014-02-04
author: Vijai
categories: 
- blog
- general body meeting
- guest speaker
img: nopicture.jpg
thumb: nopicture.jpg
---

The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Student Chapter at IIT had its first general body meeting for the spring semester on Wednesday, January 29 in the Siegel Hall Auditorium.  Rohit Agarwal, Treasurer of IEEE @ IIT commenced the meeting by introducing the executive board members of IEEE to the students and the committees headed by them.  He then spoke about the current projects funded by IEEE and the upcoming tours and events planned for the spring semester.  Agarwal also mentioned the benefits of being an IEEE national member.

Eric Tendian, Webmaster of IEEE @ IIT unveiled the newly designed IEEE website.  The URL of the website is ieee.iit.edu.  It is a major improvement from our old website, and the Webmaster has put in commendable effort to make this possible.  Our new website contains all the information about the activities and projects within IEEE @ IIT.  Join committees and sign-up for tours using links available on the website.

The guest speaker for the session was Bruce Mueller, Director of Government & Public Safety Research, Motorola Solutions, Inc. who spoke about the vision of the company and its rich history.  He showed us a glimpse of the revenue generated by the company in the previous year and the products currently under implementation.  The main focus of his discussion was on the improvement of safety, security and efficiency practices within industries, and the new frontiers in public safety for safer cities.  He emphasized that a lot of companies nowadays actively collaborate with IEEE in mentoring professionals.

The current projects funded by IEEE are the Multi-touch Surface, Quadcopter, Guitar Amplifier, and Ardupilot.  Students are encouraged to join projects they are interested in. More information related to these projects can be found on the website. IEEE @ IIT is organizing two tours in February.  The earliest tour to S&C Electric Company is on Friday, February 7, and the next tour to Roberson and Associates has been scheduled to happen on February19.  Students can sign-up for these tours through links on the website which will be made available soon.

The next general body meeting is planned to be held on February 26, students will be notified about future meetings and events by email and the [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/groups/IEEEIIT/).
